

Overview: The sinking of the RMS Titanic is one of the most infamous shipwrecks in history. Titanic sank after colliding with an iceberg,
killing 1502 out of 2224 passengers and crew. Although there was some element of luck involved in surviving the sinking, some groups of
people were more likely to survive than others, such as women, children, and the upper-class.

Here I am using given dataset for my analysis and find out what sorts of people were likely to survive and which passengers survived
the tragedy.

• Summary :
1.	Overall, the investigation provided us with some interesting insight based on factors of survivors on the Titanic. 
Quite a few more people died than those who survived. I am seeing that 549 pasengers died and 342 survived from the given dataset.

2.	There was very strong data supporting that a higher class indicated a higher proportion of survivors. The class of the passengers
had an effect on their survival rate. 3rd class passengers did not survive well as their 1st and 2nd class passengers.

3.	Gender also played a close role. "Women and children" had chances to survive more than men. So the Class of passenger and the women
with children influenced or helped the survival rate.

•	Design: explain any design choices you made including changes to the visualization after collecting feedback
•	Feedback: feedback received from others from the first sketch to the final visualization
•	Resources: list of Web sites, books, forums, blog posts, GitHub repositories etc that you referred to or used in this submission (Add N/A if you did not use such resources).
•	The final data set file used for the graphic (usually .csv)
It can take us up to a week to grade this project, but in most cases it is much faster. You will receive an email when your submission has been reviewed.
If you are having any problems submitting your project or wish to check on the status of your submission, please email us at dataanalyst-project@udacity.com.


Feedback
Share your visualization with at least one other person and document their feedback. There are many ways to get feedback, and more
feedback is generally better! Here are some options.

Share your visualization with others in person and have them think aloud as they read and explore the graphic so you can document
what stands out to them and how they interpret the graphic.
Share a link to your project in the Data Analyst Nanodegree Slack and ask others to share constructive criticisms. Be sure to offer
advice to others who are seeking feedback too!
You might need to ask specific questions to prompt the reader. Here are some questions to help you. You can, of course, ask others.

What do you notice in the visualization?
What questions do you have about the data?
What relationships do you notice?
What do you think is the main takeaway from this visualization?
Is there something you don’t understand in the graphic?
